README.md, before:

# 🚀 Vijay Singh Purohit

<div align="center">

### 🌟 **AI Engineer | Computer Vision | Generative AI | Space Tech** 🌟

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vijay-singh-purohit)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/vijaypurohit322)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:vijaypurohit322@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=todoist&logoColor=white)](https://vijaypurohit322.github.io/)

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=vijaypurohit322&color=brightgreen&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/vijaypurohit322?style=for-the-badge&color=blue)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/vijaypurohit322?style=for-the-badge&color=yellow)

</div>

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

Hello! I'm Vijay, an **AI Engineer** specializing in **Computer Vision**, **Generative AI**, and **diffusion models** with a passion for deploying privacy-preserving AI solutions. Currently working at **SkyServe** 🛰️, I focus on developing cutting-edge AI systems for satellite, drone, and ground-based surveillance applications, with expertise in Image Processing, **Generative AI techniques** and **diffusion model architectures**.

🌍 **Location:** India 🇮🇳  
🏢 **Organization:** SkyServe  
💼 **Focus Areas:** Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Generative AI, Diffusion Models, Edge Computing, Space Technology  
🌐 **Portfolio:** [https://vijaypurohit322.github.io/](https://vijaypurohit322.github.io/)

---

## 🛠️ Technical Skills

<div align="center">

### 🖥️ **Programming Languages**

[![Python](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![C++](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![C](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Go](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=go)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Java](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Kotlin](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=kotlin)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🤖 **AI/ML Frameworks & Libraries**

[![TensorFlow](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=tensorflow)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![PyTorch](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=pytorch)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![OpenCV](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=opencv)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Flask](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=flask)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Anaconda](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=anaconda)](https://skillicons.dev)

### ☁️ **Cloud Platforms**

[![AWS](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Azure](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=azure)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![GCP](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gcp)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🔧 **Development Tools**

[![Docker](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Kubernetes](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=kubernetes)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Git](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![GitHub](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![VSCode](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![PyCharm](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=pycharm)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🖥️ **Operating Systems**

[![Linux](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linux)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Ubuntu](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ubuntu)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Windows](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=windows)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Bash](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bash)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🗄️ **Databases**

[![MongoDB](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![MySQL](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![PostgreSQL](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Redis](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=redis)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![SQLite](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sqlite)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🔌 **Hardware & IoT**

[![Arduino](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=arduino)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Raspberry Pi](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=raspberrypi)](https://skillicons.dev)

</div>

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

| Project | Description | Tech Stack | Link |
|---------|-------------|------------|------|
| 📷 Tile Bbox Exporter Tool | Image tile selector and exporter tool to break image into desired tile size along with multi class Annotation support | Python, TK | [View Project](https://github.com/SkyServe-AI/tile-bbox-exporter)
| 🛰️ DataScientist Capstone Project | Advanced data science project with ML models | Python, Jupyter | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/DataScientist-Capstone-Project) |
| 🚨 Disaster Response Pipeline | Real-time disaster response ML pipeline | Python, ML, NLP | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/DataScientist-Disater-Response-Pipeline) |
| 🚗 Self-Driving Car Lane Detection | Advanced lane finding for autonomous vehicles | Python, Computer Vision | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/SelfDrivingCar-Advance-Lane_finding-Project) |
| 🛒 E-Commerce Platform | Full-stack e-commerce website | Django, Python, JavaScript | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/E-Commerce-website-using-Django_and_Python) |
| 🔐 OTP Login System | Secure mobile-based authentication | Python, SMS API | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/Build-OTP-based-login-system) |
| 🤖 Machine Learning Collection | Comprehensive ML algorithms and projects | Python, Jupyter, Scikit-learn | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/Machine-Learning) |

---

## 📊 GitHub Statistics

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vijaypurohit322&show_icons=true&theme=radical&count_private=true" alt="Vijay's GitHub stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=vijaypurohit322&layout=compact&theme=radical" alt="Top Langs" />
</p>

[![GitHub Streak](https://git.io/streak-stats)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=vijaypurohit322&theme=onedark)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

---

## 🎯 Current Focus

**Current Explorations:**
- 🧠 **Deep Learning & Transfer Learning**
- 🎨 **Generative AI & Diffusion Models** (Stable Diffusion, DALL-E architectures)
- 🛰️ **Satellite & Drone Imagery Analysis**  
- ⚡ **Edge Computing on Nvidia Jetson & Xilinx**
- 🔒 **Privacy-Preserving AI Solutions**
- ☁️ **Scalable AI Systems on AWS, Azure, GCP**
- 🔬 **Advanced Diffusion Model Research & Implementation**

**Specializations:**
- Computer Vision
- Machine Vision
- **Generative AI & Diffusion Models**
- Process Mining
- Space Technology
- Industry 4.0

---

## 🤝 Let's Collaborate!

<div align="center">

### 🌟 I'm actively seeking collaboration opportunities in: 🌟

🛰️ **AI in Space Technology**  
🏭 **Industry 4.0 Solutions**  
📱 **Embedded Systems for Vision Applications**  
☁️ **Cloud-Based AI Systems**  
🎨 **Generative AI & Diffusion Model Projects**  
🔬 **Research & Development Projects**

</div>

---

## 📬 Get in Touch

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vijay-singh-purohit)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/vijaypurohit322)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/vijay_singh_purohit)
[![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack_Overflow-FE7A16?style=for-the-badge&logo=stack-overflow&logoColor=white)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/10303249/vijay-singh-purohit)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:vijaypurohit322@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=todoist&logoColor=white)](https://vijaypurohit322.github.io/)

**💌 Have an exciting project idea?** [Drop me a message](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/vijaypurohit322/issues/new) **or** [send an email](mailto:vijaypurohit322@gmail.com)

</div>

---

<div align="center">

⭐ **Feel free to explore my repositories, raise issues, and submit PRs!**  
🚀 **Let's build the future of AI together!**  

*"The only way to break your limits is to challenge them."* 🎯  

**Happy Coding! 😊**

</div>

Commit message:

Add API Response Manager project to README
Add Project to the README

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Vijay Singh Purohit

<div align="center">

### 🌟 **AI Engineer | Computer Vision | Generative AI | Space Tech** 🌟

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vijay-singh-purohit)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/vijaypurohit322)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:vijaypurohit322@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=todoist&logoColor=white)](https://vijaypurohit322.github.io/)

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=vijaypurohit322&color=brightgreen&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/vijaypurohit322?style=for-the-badge&color=blue)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/vijaypurohit322?style=for-the-badge&color=yellow)

</div>

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

Hello! I'm Vijay, an **AI Engineer** specializing in **Computer Vision**, **Generative AI**, and **diffusion models** with a passion for deploying privacy-preserving AI solutions. Currently working at **SkyServe** 🛰️, I focus on developing cutting-edge AI systems for satellite, drone, and ground-based surveillance applications, with expertise in Image Processing, **Generative AI techniques** and **diffusion model architectures**.

🌍 **Location:** India 🇮🇳  
🏢 **Organization:** SkyServe  
💼 **Focus Areas:** Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Generative AI, Diffusion Models, Edge Computing, Space Technology  
🌐 **Portfolio:** [https://vijaypurohit322.github.io/](https://vijaypurohit322.github.io/)

---

## 🛠️ Technical Skills

<div align="center">

### 🖥️ **Programming Languages**

[![Python](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![C++](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![C](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Go](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=go)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Java](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Kotlin](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=kotlin)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🤖 **AI/ML Frameworks & Libraries**

[![TensorFlow](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=tensorflow)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![PyTorch](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=pytorch)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![OpenCV](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=opencv)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Flask](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=flask)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Anaconda](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=anaconda)](https://skillicons.dev)

### ☁️ **Cloud Platforms**

[![AWS](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Azure](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=azure)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![GCP](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gcp)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🔧 **Development Tools**

[![Docker](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Kubernetes](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=kubernetes)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Git](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![GitHub](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![VSCode](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![PyCharm](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=pycharm)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🖥️ **Operating Systems**

[![Linux](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linux)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Ubuntu](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ubuntu)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Windows](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=windows)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Bash](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bash)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🗄️ **Databases**

[![MongoDB](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![MySQL](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![PostgreSQL](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Redis](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=redis)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![SQLite](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sqlite)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🔌 **Hardware & IoT**

[![Arduino](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=arduino)](https://skillicons.dev)
[![Raspberry Pi](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=raspberrypi)](https://skillicons.dev)

</div>

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

| Project | Description | Tech Stack | Link |
|---------|-------------|------------|------|
| 🔗 API Response Manager | An interactive tool for developers to capture, share, and collaborate on API responses. | NodeJs, Vite/React | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/api-response-manager) |
| 📷 Tile Bbox Exporter Tool | Image tile selector and exporter tool to break image into desired tile size along with multi class Annotation support | Python, TK | [View Project](https://github.com/SkyServe-AI/tile-bbox-exporter) |
| 🛰️ DataScientist Capstone Project | Advanced data science project with ML models | Python, Jupyter | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/DataScientist-Capstone-Project) |
| 🚨 Disaster Response Pipeline | Real-time disaster response ML pipeline | Python, ML, NLP | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/DataScientist-Disater-Response-Pipeline) |
| 🚗 Self-Driving Car Lane Detection | Advanced lane finding for autonomous vehicles | Python, Computer Vision | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/SelfDrivingCar-Advance-Lane_finding-Project) |
| 🛒 E-Commerce Platform | Full-stack e-commerce website | Django, Python, JavaScript | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/E-Commerce-website-using-Django_and_Python) |
| 🔐 OTP Login System | Secure mobile-based authentication | Python, SMS API | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/Build-OTP-based-login-system) |
| 🤖 Machine Learning Collection | Comprehensive ML algorithms and projects | Python, Jupyter, Scikit-learn | [View Project](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/Machine-Learning) |

---

## 📊 GitHub Statistics

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vijaypurohit322&show_icons=true&theme=radical&count_private=true" alt="Vijay's GitHub stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=vijaypurohit322&layout=compact&theme=radical" alt="Top Langs" />
</p>

[![GitHub Streak](https://git.io/streak-stats)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=vijaypurohit322&theme=onedark)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

---

## 🎯 Current Focus

**Current Explorations:**
- 🧠 **Deep Learning & Transfer Learning**
- 🎨 **Generative AI & Diffusion Models** (Stable Diffusion, DALL-E architectures)
- 🛰️ **Satellite & Drone Imagery Analysis**  
- ⚡ **Edge Computing on Nvidia Jetson & Xilinx**
- 🔒 **Privacy-Preserving AI Solutions**
- ☁️ **Scalable AI Systems on AWS, Azure, GCP**
- 🔬 **Advanced Diffusion Model Research & Implementation**

**Specializations:**
- Computer Vision
- Machine Vision
- **Generative AI & Diffusion Models**
- Process Mining
- Space Technology
- Industry 4.0

---

## 🤝 Let's Collaborate!

<div align="center">

### 🌟 I'm actively seeking collaboration opportunities in: 🌟

🛰️ **AI in Space Technology**  
🏭 **Industry 4.0 Solutions**  
📱 **Embedded Systems for Vision Applications**  
☁️ **Cloud-Based AI Systems**  
🎨 **Generative AI & Diffusion Model Projects**  
🔬 **Research & Development Projects**

</div>

---

## 📬 Get in Touch

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vijay-singh-purohit)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/vijaypurohit322)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/vijay_singh_purohit)
[![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack_Overflow-FE7A16?style=for-the-badge&logo=stack-overflow&logoColor=white)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/10303249/vijay-singh-purohit)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:vijaypurohit322@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=todoist&logoColor=white)](https://vijaypurohit322.github.io/)

**💌 Have an exciting project idea?** [Drop me a message](https://github.com/vijaypurohit322/vijaypurohit322/issues/new) **or** [send an email](mailto:vijaypurohit322@gmail.com)

</div>

---

<div align="center">

⭐ **Feel free to explore my repositories, raise issues, and submit PRs!**  
🚀 **Let's build the future of AI together!**  

*"The only way to break your limits is to challenge them."* 🎯  

**Happy Coding! 😊**

</div>
